[Music]
welcome to the Kashmir mountains home to
one of the world's most elusive big cats
the Snow Leopard
[Music]
the planet Earth 2 team have the
difficult task of trying to film them
but first they have to fling
[Music]
the area is fast and over 3,000 meters
up the ground impossible to normal
vehicles the only reliable
transportation up here a donkey's
to find a camouflaged leopard takes
skill and patience scouting ahead
cracking sitting watching and waiting
and the team also have technology
they've laid a remote camera traps
around the mountain passes and now it's
the moment of truth at first there's
nothing but then
so when with that
the footage from the camera traps will
not build into a sequence on its own
they need to find another leopard news
comes through on the radio from another
tracker and where is it now
Mateo can use the long lens that will
magnify a cat even from the other side
of the valley it's a more traditional
technique and it pays off
[Music]
this is the first time that a pair of
snow leopards have been filmed mating in
the wild a good sign for the future of
the species
hi in these mountains there may still be
hope for the secretive big cats
[Music]
you